
AL’s 'peace rally' begins at Baitul Mukarram south gate

Photo: Rashed Shumon/Star
The "peace and development rally" of Awami League started around 1:30pm at the southern gate of the Baitul Mukarram mosque in the capital.


The party's General Secretary Obaidul Quader is expected to join the rally as the chief guest at the gathering later in the day.

Google News LinkFor all latest news, follow The Daily Star's Google News channel.
Leaders and activists from AL's Dhaka north and south units have been gathering at the venue since 11:00am.

Asim Kumar Ukil, the cultural secretary of the Awami League, and singer Lipi Sarkar held a cultural programme with a musical performance in the morning.


Prominent members of AL Central Committee and responsible leaders of Dhaka South Awami League, including Mofazzal Hossain Chowdhury Maya, Mirza Azam, SM Kamal Hossain, and Deputy Minister for Water Resources Enamul Haque Shamim were present at the programme.

All the preparations for holding the 'Peace and Development Rally' were completed in the Baitul Mukarram area.
BNP men gathering at Nayapaltan to join rally
BNP men gathering at Nayapaltan to join rally
Photo: Sajjad Hossain
BNP leaders and activists started gathering in front of the party's Nayapaltan headquarters since 7:30am today to join its grand rally to press home their one-point demand.



As scheduled, the rally will start at 12:00pm.

Google News LinkFor all latest news, follow The Daily Star's Google News channel.

Read more
AL, BNP ready to show off strength
Thousands of the party members have been chanting slogans in favour of their demand in front of the party office since morning, according to our correspondent on the scene.


Photo: Sajjad Hossain
During the visit, this correspondent observed that from Kakrail intersection to Notre Dame College, a significant number of BNP leaders and activists have occupied both sides of the road.



Photo: Amran Hossain/Star
However, senior leaders of the party are yet to reach the venue.


Read more
What should and shouldn’t happen in Oct 28 rallies
BNP Secretary General Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir will formally announce the party's one-point movement with the goal to remove Awami League from the power to hold the upcoming national elections under a neutral government.